docs: Add necessary preceding requisite steps to installing FlutterFire CLI. i.e. Nodejs & Firebase CLI installation. (#7926)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/overview.mdx

### Using the CLI

The FlutterFire CLI depends on the [Firebase CLI](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli). If you haven't already done so, make sure you have the Firebase CLI installed on your machine. 

> If not, make sure you have [node.js](https://www.nodejs.org/) on your machine and Install the Firebase CLI via npm by running the following command : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need [node.js](https://www.nodejs.org/) on your machine to Install the Firebase CLI via npm by running the following command: 
```

> ### Using the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the FlutterFire CLI
```

> :::info The FlutterFire CLI depends on the [Firebase CLI](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli).  If you haven't installed it yet, you can learn more about Firebase CLI in the [documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli). :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info 

The FlutterFire CLI depends on the [Firebase CLI](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli).  If you haven't installed it yet, you can learn more about Firebase CLI in the [documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli). 

:::
```
